How can you lead on? Um what a way to put that is how could you not lead
honorably? One thing the capital right now is very divisive. That's
the capital. It's like you. It's your ship. Such as water is that
you're suffering. You need to leave honor, but you need to leave your
men and women that are assigned to your command. You will. Easy.
There's an old adage about get up each morning. You look at the guy
in the glass guy or the gal in the glass yourself in the mirror, you
say, What can I do better this day? Okay. I act with honor integrity.
I will get you through your day. Yes. Well, tribulations, trials.
We'll get through the day. Okay? You take short cuts with your honor
and integrity. They will catch up to you. Sooner or later, they will
catch up. Don't be tempted. Don't go to the dark side. Stay in the
light. Stay with an act with your honor. Integrity